(Finally LOOΠΔ Studio ended successfully)
JinSoul: It was very fun and I'm feeling sad at the same time
Choerry: I think its atmosphere was hotter than last shows
Go Won: What is that?
Go Won: What's happening here?
HeeJin: Sunflower~
HeeJin: See you again someday~
Kim Lip: See you!
Kim Lip: Thank you for coming today. You also did a great job today!
HeeJin: Love you!
Chuu: Good work, everyone~
ViVi: You must be tired because you did it twice, right?
Chuu: I'm fine~ Actually I did it three times including yesterday~!
Olivia Hye: It's done~ I'm sad...
Olivia Hye: I got this card!
HaSeul: It was super fun
HaSeul: These three days were very special and meaningful for us~
Yves: Oh, right
Kim Lip: You know, I was too nervous during the whole show
HaSeul: I guess you're still trembling
Yves: Take it easy~
Kim Lip: But I will not be nervous and do better job next time!
Yves: Look, we made another great memories with fans~
HaSeul: This isn't the last time we, LOONA and Orbit, will meet each other
HaSeul: There will be a lot of chances to meet again, right?
Yves: Of course, and do not use a word like 'the last time' in front of us~
Kim Lip: It's not the end~
Yves: We might be coming to you again with another happy things someday. So please looking forward to it
Kim Lip: Thank you so much today, Orbit!
(Thank you for Orbit who was with LOONA during 3 days of LOONA Studio!)